[Autogenerated] what is needed for a success.
In your journey to AWS mastery,
I would like to present you with a model that I used to achieve A W s mastery.
First of all,
you need to focus on understanding AWS and the business
case is that it can address by this.
I mean, you need to understand How does a W.
S to find the cloud?
What is meant by distributed systems?
What?
What is decoupled architectures?
And how did these concepts all fit together to create business cases?
And what kind of use cases can we create from this understanding?
These concepts will become your gateway to AWS mastery.
As you walk through the process,
you're gonna want to construct your own mental model of
these concepts is you build them.
I encourage you to take lots of notes, right?
Lots of things down Azure on your journey.
Once you develop an understanding of the fundamentals,
then you can start to focus on key terms,
names of services, functions of those services,
things very specific to AWS.
Comparisons between various services and limits associate ID with
various services because some services will have certain limits on
them and that can come up in the exam building your knowledge of
services will not only be challenging,
but it will also be very rewarding in the end.
Once you understand AWS and you understand the concepts,
now you're ready to demonstrate mastery.
So you're gonna want to put all of this together to demonstrate your
knowledge that you've gained and your experience with AWS.
So you want to create some of your own architectures and we'll talk
about this a little bit later in this module,
and then you're gonna want to understand various use cases and
scenarios and how they all fit together.
Finally, when you've done this, you will then be ready to tackle the exam.
You will not able to pass the exam just by memorizing a bunch of fax.
You're gonna have to understand how services work.
And now they all fit together because to pass the exam,
you have to be able to answer scenario based questions.
And it requires a deeper level of knowledge of AWS than most people
have and that most people gain if you come at it from a traditional
perspective of a certification exam, that approach will not work,
but for the rest of this module.
I would like to take a step back from the exam.
That is not our primary focus.
Our primary focus in this module is A W S mastery.
You're in goal.
It may likely be to earned a certification, but that should be secondary to AWS mastery.